hello friends this is deeper welcome to
my kitchen today I am going to show you
how to make Punjabi famous dish that is
chana masala this is one of my favourite
dish and whenever I do put I always
order butter rocks and I just love to
take and here goes the ingredients that
you need to make this chana masala here
I have now so I soaked them for fire in
pressure cook for 5 verses and I took
around one cup selves around a three to
four people so put it in the consistency
in which it should get smashed or mash
to them and here I have one onion
greater in one teaspoon of ginger garlic
he'll three tomatoes finely chopped and
short coriander leaves for garnishing
theories whole garam masala little sub -
Bailey - Stormies one cinnamon stick
three blows here I have one teaspoon of
turmeric 1 tsp of garam masala this is a
powdered one and I have puris this dried
mango powder that is I'm sure folder
here is some kitchen King masala I use
this point while making chana you can
also use cumin powder and coriander
powder if you
have this one here is my paper cones in
Phoenix so I always add this while into
the foam in here is foil
no coming to this kitchen King masala
you can get it in Indian grocery store
if you don't have you can use China
Messala polar also so these are all the
ingredients that you need some rest
let's see how to make this and I just
forgot to say one thing that you just
take around 15 channel cookie channel
and just mash them using your fork or
Smasher measure
because the reason why I doing like this
is while cooking you will get a nice
aroma of this channel mix to vary in
your gravy and it gives you a nice
flavor in every bite so I always used to
do my splashing some of the channels so
just for to share with you so you can do
this way to get a yummy chana masala
don't mash all the channels that smash
10 to 15 channel that is enough in here
is my parents too
a tablespoon of oil you are preparing
chana masala it's must you should need
to add some extra oils just forget about
your diet and add a tablespoon option I
mean 3 tbsp of oil kingdom to hot
so once it's part it can add whole garam
masalas like Stormy's cloves cinnamon
sticks and cardamom
don't add your bellies at first add
these and then once they cooked like if
you get the nice aroma of this whole
garam masala then you can add your baby
into this meeting I'm getting a nice
aroma of these cinnamon cardamom cloves
now imminent bay leaf
so here goes my ginger garlic paste
at this point of time you can also add
your peppercorns and finial seeds into
the oil
show that in the video we drove over to
add add your peppercorns and enough it's
also that we will give you
nice in your dish so my garlic and
ginger or find me now I have added my
that is greater paneer I always used in
chana masala so that it will make me
smash them and I will get a consistency
of radiation so cook this onion in for
around 2 minutes so that it doesn't seem
too nice
you should wait till these onions are
nicely turned into goes along so to make
the process cost we can
into this audience so that onion very
soon also just extend the for at least
two minutes till the raw flavor of onion
goes away
so once the onions are done you can add
your tomato and all the spy photos like
garam masala asana that is kitchen King
masala in dry mango powder and salt also
so now I am done with my onion tomato
a folder this tomato tilde nicely mash
tomatoes so once they are nicely cooked
it can add your master China into this
in then I do Kanchana this is a pressure
cook one you can also use a microwave
oven
Jonah is done so now we need to cook
this gravy for at least 15 minutes
that's how you will get our nice tasting
your chana masala if you go restaurant
they will always cook this masala for at
least half an hour and more than that
not less than that that's why you get a
very nice flavor in restaurants so now I
will cook this for at least 15 minutes
and then show you so now it's the 15
minutes
chana masala
cooking
nice thick sauce of chana masala
what I'm going to do is now after this
15 minutes again I used to keep this
animus Allah in a low flame for one more
10 minutes so that the gravy will be
even more thick you know
I will get a nice flavor of chana masala
chai now and this masala mingled well
you know it's really taste amazing so
cook it for 15 minutes first in medium
flame and 10 minutes or 15 minutes in
low flame so you add your coriander
leaves bunch of be special chana masala
how nice it is here is my chana masala
are ready to eat so you can throw this
one with chapati or poori photographer
known everything this one tastes great
so friends this is how you can make
Punjabi a special dish chana masala at
your home so hope my videos helps you to
make tasty chana masala post your
comments how it turns out for you and
subscribe to my channel if you like my
videos and you can also check my channel
for other great Indian recipes and
international recipes like french fries
burger and even baby corn fry a mushroom
and julienned chilli chicken chicken 65
everything so thanks for watching my
channel see you tomorrow with another
great recipe until then it's bye from
the passivation